Doctor, how is my mother?
The patient's condition is relatively stable
But it can't stimulate the patient's emotions anymore
I think we all need to calm down for a while
You go back first
I have been in the company recently.
No need to contact, thank you.
Mom, how are you feeling?
What's wrong?
I thought you weren't coming to see me, Mom
What are you talking about?
Mom is getting old
It's normal for the body to not keep up.
It's just that you are the only one who is most worried about Mom
You said if mom really left like this
Who will take care of you in the future?
Grandma, just listen to your mother's advice
Divorced the father
Reincarnate this child
You take care of people.
Work with dignity
I'm sure he loves you so much
If this gets out
Neighbors will envy you for finding such a good man
A hundred times stronger than that revival mom
Do you really want to watch your mother die?
Just be a mother, please, okay?
OK
I promise you.
Divorce with father
Marry couple